Assalamualaikum everyone.I'm Mehjabin Johra from group A4.The name of our project is CV Bachai : 
A Web Based Resume Recommendation System .My other group Members are Md Al Moktadir Chowdhury,
Mohammad Farhan,Mostahid Ahmed, A. M. Kabbo Hossain and Hebron Hossain Hamim
Our honourable supervisor is Suman Ahmmed and Dr. Dewan Md  farid is our respected course teacher.
Moving forward to the Outline.First we
are going to Introduce our project.Then we will be doing the literature review of
related project.After that we are going to talk about the design,Environment setup, project
management and standards we followed.

In the introduction part I am going to talk about Problem Statement,Objective,Motivation and
Project Overview
Now I am going to address the poblem statements.Now a days
the proportion of Job to applicant is very high and as a result there are too much
applicant against a job.From this thousands of CV's it takes too much time to
shortlist CV's.So the institutions can't focus on all the resumes and as a result all
the resumes don't get fair treatment.

The objective of our project is to develop such a web based recruitemt support system that helps 
both recruiters and applicants. The main objective is to rank every applicants of a job based
on their skills, education and experience.

Manual screening of resumes takes too much time and it is more stressfull. Besides lots of 
irrelevent resumes makes it complex to select the perfect candidate whereas automated process 
can save both time and energy and it's more easier. These helps us to motivate to develop
such a system.

In our developed system, the job seekers can apply for a job.While applying for the job applicants
 need to input some information on our predefined templates and based on those information we will rank the CV's.
We will match the ans with the job requirements and shortlist some candidates 
from thousand of applicants synchronus with specified requirements.And finally we will use smtp 
to let them know that they are selected, through Email in an automatic way.
This graphial figure shows us the scoring steps of our developed system

Now I would Like to request Hebron Hossain Hamim To continue further









